Meet Longzudu
Get up
Dragon Ancestor, I am your Qingfeng person
This crazy woman hurt my son like our sister
He didn't just give us face
He still doesn't give you face
Dragon Ancestor Capital
My husband has been working for you
conscientious
Are you going to decide for us?
Southwest Governor Longyan Pond paid homage to the death of Basalt
What's going on here?
I gave you the identity of bullying the governor
Do you know my identity as the Governor of Southwest China?
Who gave it to you?
General Shi, Governor Long
This time it's my Yun family's fault.
I would like to clear the door
Please give our Yun family a chance
Drive this example out of the cloud
Cut off the road
No, husband.
Sister Hua is our only child
Pull the lady away, no more
Please forgive our Yun family, General
Who else just collided with the Phoenix Palace Warlord?